20-Day Moving Average of Closing Price for IBM This project aims to plot
a 20-day moving average of the closing price for IBM using HTML5 canvas,
without relying on any third-party libraries or frameworks. The data
source for this project is the historical stock prices of IBM, obtained
from Yahoo Finance.

Requirements To run this project, you need the following:

Web browser with HTML5 canvas support Getting Started To get started
with the project, follow the steps below:

Clone or download this repository to your local machine. Open the
index.html file in your preferred web browser. Usage Upon opening the
index.html file, you will see the 20-day moving average plot of IBM\'s
closing price on an HTML5 canvas. The data is obtained from the
following source:

IBM Stock Price History on Yahoo Finance The data is fetched dynamically
using JavaScript, and the moving average is calculated based on the
closing prices. The plot is then rendered on the canvas using HTML5 and
CSS.

Implementation Details The project consists of the following files:

index.html: The main HTML file that displays the canvas and includes the
JavaScript code for fetching data and rendering the plot. style.css: The
CSS file that styles the canvas and provides some basic formatting.
script.js: The JavaScript file that fetches the historical stock data,
calculates the 20-day moving average, and renders the plot on the
canvas. The JavaScript code follows these steps:

Fetches the historical stock data from Yahoo Finance using the provided
URL. Parses the data and extracts the closing prices. Calculates the
20-day moving average for the closing prices. Renders the plot on the
canvas, with the x-axis representing the dates and the y-axis
representing the closing prices. Contributions Contributions to this
project are welcome. If you have any suggestions, bug fixes, or
enhancements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull
request.

License This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to
modify and distribute the code as per the terms of the license.

Disclaimer Please note that the historical stock data obtained from
Yahoo Finance is for demonstration purposes only and should not be
considered as financial advice.
